Add manually updating launcher port (#185)
BeamMP/Docs: docs/en/FAQ/Change-launcher-port.md

# Issue

The Launcher is not connecting to the game.
This quick guide explains how to manually change the launcher port.

# Changing the port manually

1. Start BeamNG
2. In the main menu, go to Options, then Multiplayer
3. In the multiplayer options, enable `Show advanced options`
4. Scroll all the way down
5. In `Launcher port` change the port number to something else, for example 4567
6. Close BeamNG

> 7. Right click on the BeamMP-launcher shortcut, and select `Go to its location` in the context menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Right click on the BeamMP-launcher shortcut, and select `Open file location` in the context menu
```

Author: Thanks
